docs: fix grammar (#63)
celestiaorg/go-header: README.md

 1. p2p.Subscriber listens for new Headers from the P2P network (via the
    HeaderSub)
 2. p2p.Exchange request Headers from other nodes

>  3. Syncer manages syncing of historical Headers from the P2P network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. Syncer manages syncing of historical and new Headers from the P2P network
```

>  3. Syncer manages syncing of past and recent Headers from the P2P network

Author: note: past and recent headers seem similar. Maybe this line was trying to convey past (like distant past) and recent (like recently past) headers?

Perhaps this could read

```suggestion
 3. Syncer manages syncing of historical Headers from the P2P network
```
